Disable downloading files in Bucket and Packages tabs separately (#4111)
quiltdata/quilt: catalog/CHANGELOG.md

## Changes

> - [Added] Bootstrap the change log ([#XXXX](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/XXXX))

Reviewer: oh shi~ i forgot to insert the actual PR number 🤦 
but let's keep that entry anyways (might as well fix it)
could you please bring it back and set the PR number to 4112?

> * [Added] Add `ui.actions.downloadObject` and `ui.actions.downloadPackage` for configuring visibility of buttons for downloading files and directories under "Bucket" and "Packages" respectively ([#4111](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/4111))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Added] Support `ui.actions.downloadObject` and `ui.actions.downloadPackage` options for configuring visibility of download buttons under "Bucket" and "Packages" respectively ([#4111](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/4111))
```

## Changes

> - [Added] Bootstrap the change log ([#4112](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/4112))
> - [Added] Support `ui.actions.downloadObject` and `ui.actions.downloadPackage` options for configuring visibility of download buttons under "Bucket" and "Packages" respectively ([#4111](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/4111))

Reviewer: > Changes are listed in reverse chronological order (newer entries at the top).

```suggestion
- [Added] Support `ui.actions.downloadObject` and `ui.actions.downloadPackage` options for configuring visibility of download buttons under "Bucket" and "Packages" respectively ([#4111](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/4111))
- [Added] Bootstrap the change log ([#4112](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/4112))
```
